AWebSiteHasNoName: A personalized online culinary assistant

AWebSiteHasNoName is a Web application which allows users to maintain a virtualization of their real life fridge and search for recipes. This application allows for the personalization of the virtual fridge, user can add, remove, update ingredients which are displayed in their virtual Fridge. The Fridge is accessible by the “Open Fridge” tab from the navigation bar. The ingredients is divided into 6 categories. To add an ingredient, to the Fridge the user enters the name of the ingredient they wish to insert and selects a category from the “Select Category” drop down menu and press the button “add Item” to add the Ingredient. An added ingredient will  be displayed in the Fridge. To remove the ingredient, press the “x” button on the ingredient. To update an ingredient, click on the given ingredient and a rename box will be displayed, update the name of the ingredient by entering a new name and pressing “submit” button. 

Instead of requiring the user to have a specific recipe in mind to search for, filters are provided for the user to conveniently narrow their search to reach potentially desired recipes, guiding indecisive users to the recipe of their next meal. The user can specify in the filters, the percentage of the ingredients required by the recipe that is currently present in their virtual fridge. If the user wishes to find a recipe the user can make without buying any additional ingredients the user would put 100% in this filter. Through using the percentage filter the user is able to plan how much shopping they wish to do in order to make their next meal. The user can also specify a list of ingredients they do not wish to use and a list of ingredients they wish to exclude. Other supported filters include serving size, Allowed diets (such as vegetarian), cuisine, course, total prep time and allergies. The filters can be removed by pressing the “x” button on the given filter or clearing the list of ingredients in the given text fields. 

Once the user specified the Filters, the user can press “Search!” to retrieve a list of recipes as filtered by the filters. The user can click on each of these recipes for a more detailed view and click on “source” to be redirected to the full recipe. 
